[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
When Luffy hears about
a fighting tournament
at the Corrida Colosseum
with the Flame Flame
Fruit as the prize,
he decides to join
and compete against
titanic contenders from
all over the New World.
Meanwhile, in the Tontatta
Kingdom on Green Bit,
where the Little
People reside...
It's time to take
flight, everybody!
With Usoland, beside us,
there's no way we can lose!
We'll bring our friends back
and Princess Mancherie, too!
Doflamingo has caused
a great deal of suffering,
especially for
the Tontatta tribe.
But our troubled
relationship with his group
actually began long before
he took over the throne.
[GANCHO]
In fact,
the beginning of this sad tale
stretches back over 900 years.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, at the
King Riku Army Headquarters,
an opposition
to Doflamingo gathers.
[ZORO]
Damn, Luffy, get it together!
That sneaky little bastard.
There's a fighting competition
and he doesn't
bother telling me?
I could've cleaned up!
Might as well go ahead
and give me Caesar's heart.
[LAW panting]
[DOFLAMINGO] Haven't you
done enough scurrying around
like a miserable rat?
[cackles] I set a trap
for your little partner,
and wouldn't you know it,
that genius has
walked right into it.
Straw Hat doesn't
stand a chance.
I'm sure they're scraping
him off the wall as we speak.
Your alliance has fallen apart.
So...
...are you ready to give up?
[CROWD cheering]
[thudding]
[thudding continues]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY]
Let's finish this!
As you wish, boy!
Gum-Gum Jet Pistol!
[CROWD gasps]
All right, how 'bout this?!
Gum-Gum Jet Gatling!
[CHIN JAO yelling]
[CROWD gasping]
[LUFFY yelling]
[CHIN JAO yelling]
[BOTH gasp]
[LUFFY]
Still not enough?!
Gum-Gum Jet Stamp Gatling!
[CHIN JAO yelling]
[LUFFY yelling]
[CROWD groans]
Yeah! Go, Lucy!
[WOMAN A]
Kick his ass, Chin Jao!
Two unstoppable forces
in a deadly struggle!
They're matching blow for blow!
Sorry, folks.
Their attacks are
happening so fast,
I can't even keep up,
no matter how hard I try!
[GYATS] But I can feel their
incredible force of will!
It's clear we are witnessing
history in the making!
[GYATS]
This is, without a doubt,
one of the greatest battles ever
fought in the Corrida Coliseum!
[panting]
[chuckles] Not bad for a twerp.
[panting] I admit, for
a geezer, you're tough.
[groans] What did you say?
Huh?
Repeat what you just said to me!
You think I'm "tough," do you?
How dare you insult me?!
You're nuts! I'm saying you're
strong. What's wrong with that?
As far as I'm concerned,
that's an insult!
Just look at me! Strong?
I'm like a wolf without fangs!
No! Just an old round-headed
man without his drill!
[CROWD gasps]
But how could a brat like you
ever comprehend the
misery I experience?
A mere shadow of my
former glorious self!
I feel frustrated!
Full of disappointment!
Overwhelmed with sorrow!
You'll never understand
what I've had to endure!
Yeah, you're right!
How am I supposed to understand
when you don't explain anything?
You just keep attacking me
and breaking into tears!
So you truly wish to
know the reason why?
The tragic story of how
I came to look this way?
[LUFFY] Well, when you
put it like that, no.
Well, if you insist boy,
I shall tell you before you die.
It begins 30 years ago.
Dammit! What the hell's
going on with this ice?
It doesn't melt! Axes won't
break it! So what do we do?
[grunts]
[MAN B] Of course there's
an unbelievable amount
of pirate treasure under it
just out of our reach!
[CHIN JAO chuckles] You could
try for a hundred years,
you wouldn't make a scratch
in the ice with those tools!
[MEN]
Huh?
This whole continent--
It's made of a
"Crystal Ice Sheet."
Meaning...
...if you want to shatter it,
then you must apply tremendous
pressure in one spot!
[GROUP gasps]
[CHIN JAO grunts]
Drill Dragon Nail!
[MEN yelling]
Watch this! Open Chin Jao!
[MEN groaning]
[CHIN JAO grunts, chuckles]
[CHIN JAO] What's wrong?
Isn't this what you wanted?
[CHIN JAO cackles]
[CHIN JAO] Boys, tie up
these wannabe treasure thieves
and throw them into the ocean!
Right! Will do!
[MEN gasp]
[CHIN JAO chuckles]
So many riches!
The entirety of my life's work
is held safely within
this cage of ice!
Hope for the future.
Joy and sorrow of the past.
All told in centuries'
worth of my family's treasures!
And the only key to
the room is my drill head.
Without it there's
no way to get inside.
[CHIN JAO]
Nobody can invade my sanctuary!
Not even the Navy!
Today's the day! I've been
doing some training
to pound in that big
head of yours, Chin Jao.
Pulverized eight
mountains down to sand
to get ready for this moment!
Prepare yourself.
[CHIN JAO chuckles] You're
bluster and no bite, Garp!
There's nothing in
the world that's harder
than my head drill!
Get ready to eat
those words, Chin Jao!
This mighty head of mine will
split your fist in two, hear me?
[GARP yelling]
[CHIN JAO yelling]
[GARP grunting]
[yelling]
[GARP, CHIN JAO
continue yelling]
[CHIN JAO]
Hmm?!
No way!
[MARINES]
He actually did it!
[GARP chuckles]
[HAPPO PIRATE E]
Let's get outta here!
[HAPPO PIRATE F]
All ships! Set sail!
He's coming to!
[HAPPO PIRATE G] Ya had us
scared for a second there!
[CHIN JAO grunts]
[CHIN JAO grunting]
Huh?
Uh...
Ah! The drill!
I can't find my drill!
[HAPPO PIRATES]
Uhh...
[CHIN JAO grunting]
Where the hell did it go?!
I said, "open Chin Jao!"
Drill Dragon Nail!
Open Chin Jao!
Open Drill Dragon Nail!
Open up for me!
Don't do this!
The entire crew's
begging you to stop, chief!
[HAPPO PIRATE C]
You're gonna kill yourself!
[CHIN JAO]
Open! Open!
Open up!
Why won't you just open up?
[CHIN JAO panting]
It won't open.
What can I do?
All my treasure! Lost!
Right in front of me...
just out of reach!
Everything I've worked
for is sealed away!
An endless fortune!
[CHIN JAO groans]
[CHIN JAO] Damn you, Garp!
You will pay for this!
Curse your children
and grandchildren, too!
Curse you...
...for all eternity, bastard!
A short time after
that, I retired.
Gave up pirating.
My power was gone and
my heart broken into pieces.
The man I once was disappeared
and only a shell remained.
I spent my days
just waiting to die.
Till now,
when Garp's grandson
is delivered to me
like an oasis in my
desert of suffering.
[CHIN JAO]
This must be destiny!
You're gonna pay for what
you're grandfather did to me!
And after I get
finished with you,
he'll experience a life as
miserable as mine has been!
[CHIN JAO]
This must be destiny!
You're gonna pay for what
you're grandfather did to me!
And after I get
finished with you,
he'll experience a life as
miserable as mine has been!
That was a great story and all,
but there's just
one problem with it.
I'm not my grandpa!
Didn't you hear me?!
I curse you all!
Well, I'm not gonna
get beaten by you here!
I'm still gonna be
King of the Pirates!
All I gotta do is
win Ace's fruit!
So I'm not done yet! Got it?
[chuckles] Now, that's
a good joke!
There's no chance! Give up!
[gasps]
You're nothing but
children drunk on infamy!
They call you the
Worst Generation!
But you're not strong enough
to sail across the ocean
your forbearers fought upon.
After Whitebeard's death,
it was the end of an era!
[CHIN JAO] In fact, the only
pirate from your generation
with even a sliver of
potential is Blackbeard Teach.
Blackbeard?
[CHIN JAO]
Well, perhaps time will tell.
But face i!
If you're only able to match me
in terms of strength in
my current lowly state,
you don't stand a chance!
Just throw in the towel already!
[LUFFY grunts]
[CHIN JAO]
Head-Arms! Spin!
Wild Dance!
[LUFFY grunts]
[CHIN JAO]
Hmm?
[LUFFY grunts]
[CHIN JAO groaning]
Now for my Gum-Gum Hawk Rifle!
Whoa! Here it comes!
[yells]
[groans]
[yelling]
[CHIN JAO groaning]
[CROWD gasps]
[CHIN JAO]
Hm? Mm...
That's all you've got?
Ah. Like I already said,
you're not a shabby opponent.
But if Rayleigh
chose a brat like you
as a flag bearer
for the New Generation,
he's not as sharp
as he used to be.
The Navy on the other
hand, they were wise.
Fire Fist, he had the Devil's
blood flowing in his veins.
They stamped him just in time.
You think you can beat the Navy
Admirals and Four Emperors?
And somehow surpass
Roger's legacy as well?!
Don't make me laugh!
No one can!
It's impossible!
Then just watch me!
Gum-Gum Rocket!
Wait! Is he flying?
What an incredibly high leap!
[CHIN JAO]
All right, boy!
Time for your final lesson!
I've been holding onto 30
years of rage towards Garp.
Now it's time to
collect, Straw Hat,
in the form of an
all-out KO skull smash!
What the--? Look!
Wait, am I hallucinating?
Lucy's arm is inflating
like a balloon!
[CHIN JAO]
Witness me, Garp!
I'm about to take your
precious grandson's life!
You hear me?!
Straw Hat! It's time
for you to pay for
your old man's right hook that
took everything away from me
and destroyed my life!
A punch?! That's why
you're so bent outta shape?!
Come on!
I can't even remember how many
times I got slugged by him!
[CHIN JAO]
Then I'll finish the job
and pulverize every
bone in your body!
Hasshoken Technique!
[LUFFY]
Get ready for my Gum-Gum...
...Thor!
[CHIN JAO]
Non-Drill Dragon!
Elephant Gun!
[CHIN JAO]
Non-Nail!
[CHIN JAO yelling]
[LUFFY yelling]
[CHIN JAO, LUFFY yelling]
[ALL]
Wha--?
[GROUP]
[BOTH]
Wha--?
[CROWD]
What?!
Gramps!
Are you dead?
Wait! He's out!
Chin Jao is eliminated.
This round's winner is Lucy!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
This is simply remarkable!
He bested a living legend!
After a hard-fought battle,
we have a champion for Block C.
Let's hear it for Lucy!
Heck yeah!
[CROWD]
Lucy! Lucy! Lucy! Lucy! Lucy...
[laughs]
[GYATS] I admit, I never
expected him to go this far!
Who could have predicted a
surprise ending like this?
Listen to all those
idiots cheer him on!
I'm sick of this "Lucy" crap!
Even under a false name,
he gets the limelight!
But, now that the match is done,
you're mine! And
this time, you're dead!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Are you deaf, Cavendish?
I'm not gonna let you touch him.
No freakin' way.
You get in my way, and I'll
kill you as well, Bartolomeo!
[BARTOLOMEO cackles]
I'd like to see you try.
[CAVENDISH]
I'm the one to kill Straw Hat!
[BURGESS]
Straw Hat?
[GYATS]
He toppled a legend,
but can he hold on
to this momentum?
And if not Lucy,
who will go on to
win the championship
and take home the
Flame Flame Fruit?
[BURGESS grunts, laughs]
I get it!
This should be interesting!
[NARRATOR]
After winning the Block C title,
Luffy is reunited with the
mysterious gladiator, Rebecca.
When the two of them
enter the darkness
of Dressrosa together,
Luffy learns the secret
of her tragic plight,
as the determined young warrior
shares the tale of the
cruel fate she bears.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Luffy and the Gladiator
of Fate, Rebecca!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!